{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16440\viewh13300\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 			Course Syllabus
\fs30 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ECE141 - Principles of Feedback Control, Spring 2021\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Course Information
\f0\b0 \
\
Class Hours:	2:00PM-3:50PM, TR, via zoom (https://ucla.zoom.us/j/99933296536?pwd=TStPY2dNMGFiSzhmanBVM29CbUFBQT09). Classes will be recorded and uploaded into CCLE/Gradescope. This is done for the purpose of facilitating the course and test environment. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with UCLA, the recordings will be used solely for this purpose and any vendor is prohibited from redisclosing them. UCLA also does not use the recordings for any other purpose.\
\
Prerequisite(s):	EE102\
Description:		Mathematical modeling of physical control systems in \
				form of differential equations and transfer functions. 				Design problems, system performance indices of 				feedback control systems via classical techniques, 				root-locus and frequency-domain methods. 				Computer-aided solution of design problems from 				real world.\
\

\f1\b Instructor Information\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Name:			Paulo Tabuada\
Office:			66-147F, Eng. IV\
Office Hours:	Tuesdays, 4-6pm via Zoom (https://ucla.zoom.us/j/97605217183?pwd=b3RRMjFwTTZmZEpCaXFxZVpWNkxPdz09)\
Email:			tabuada@ee.ucla.edu\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Grading\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Academic Integrity:	University policy applies.\
Homework Policy:	Homework is due every Tuesday at 2pm and\
					should be uploaded into CCLE. Late homework\
					will be accepted only by previous arrangement or \
					in case of an emergency. Collaboration on\
					homework is allowed. However, each student\
					must submit their own work, which should reflect\
					a thorough understanding of the assigned\
					problems.\
\
\
Grade elements:		Homework (20%), Project (20%), Midterm (25%), 					Final (35%). Grades are converted from 					percentage points to letter grades according to 					the following scale: \
\
					A+: 100%-93.75%\
					A: 93.75%-87.5%\
					A-:87.5%-81.25%\
					B+: 81.25%-75%\
					B: 75%-68.75%\
					B-: 68.75%-62.5%\
					C+: 62.5%-56.25%\
					C: 56.25%-50%\
					C-: 50%-43.75%\
					D+: 43.75%-37.5%\
					D: 37.5%-31.25%\
					D-: 31.25%-25%\
					F: below 25%.\
\
Midterm policy:		The midterm is open-book and you are requested to be on Zoom so that we can see you and your exam. The exam will be recorded in case issues of academic integrity arise. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with UCLA, the recordings will be used solely for this purpose and any vendor is prohibited from redisclosing them. UCLA also does not use the recordings for any other purpose.\
\
Final policy:			The final is open-book and you are requested to be on Zoom so that we can see you and your exam. The exam will be recorded in case issues of academic integrity arise. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with UCLA, the recordings will be used solely for this purpose and any vendor is prohibited from redisclosing them. UCLA also does not use the recordings for any other purpose.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Course References\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Textbook:			Feedback Control of Dynamics Systems. \
					G.F. Franklin, J.D. Powell, and \
					A. Emami-Naeini. Prentice-Hall.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\
Course Topics\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Week 1:			Introduction and review of dynamical models\
Week 2:			Review of dynamical models and Laplace transform\
Week 3:			Block diagrams, the effect of poles and zeros, time 				domain specifications\
Week 4:			Introduction to open-loop and closed-loop control. 				The advantages of feedback.\
Week 5:			PID control\
Week 6:			Midterm and introduction to root-locus\
Week 7:			Root locus\
Week 8:			Frequency design methods\
Week 9:			Introduction to digital control\
Week 10:		Review and wrap-up\
\
}